[Functools] Concept Introduction Docs (#2986)
exercism/python: concepts/functools/about.md

# About

> The functools module is for higher-order functions: functions that act on or return other ***[functions](https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/controlflow.html#defining-functions)***. It provides functions for working with other functions and callable objects to use or extend them without completely rewriting them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [functools][functools-module] module is for higher-order functions: functions that act on or return other ***[functions][defining-a-function]***. It provides functions for working with other functions and callable objects to use or extend them without completely rewriting them.

```

We must be comfortable with the fact that everything in Python is an object, even the functions.

```python

# Simple python function for greeting
>>> def greet():
        print("Hello, How are you?")

>>> greet()
"Hello, How are you?"

>>> g = greet

>>> g()
"Hello, How are you?"

# Here both functions g and greet give the same output because g and greet refer to the same function object.
```

## Decorators

> A ***[decorator](https://www.programiz.com/python-programming/decorator)*** takes in a function, adds some functionality and returns it. Decorators are example of higher order functions. We can decorate our function by writing `@decorator_function_name` just before defing function.
> 
> Functions and methods are called callable as they can be called.
> 
> In fact, any object which implements the special ```__call__()``` method is termed callable. So, in the most basic sense, a decorator is a callable that returns a callable.
> 
> Basically, a decorator takes in a function, adds some functionality and returns it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A ***[decorator](https://www.programiz.com/python-programming/decorator)*** takes in a function, adds some functionality and returns it.
Decorators are example of higher order functions.
We can decorate our function by writing `@decorator_function_name` just before defining function.

Functions and methods are called callable as they can be called.

In fact, any object which implements the special ```__call__()``` method is termed callable. 
So, in the most basic sense, a decorator is a callable that returns a callable.

Basically, a decorator takes in a function, adds some functionality and returns it.

```

>>> fun(10)
"This is an integer: 10"

>>> fun([1,2,3])
"This is a list: [1,2,3]"

# This will call the default function as we didn't registered any function with float.
>>> fun(2.45)
"default argument string: 2.45"

```

## Partial

`functools.partial(func, /, *args, **keywords)` return a new ***[partial object](https://docs.python.org/3/library/functools.html#partial-objects)*** which when called will behave like func called with the positional arguments args and keyword arguments keywords. If more arguments are supplied to the call, they are appended to args.The ***[partial](https://docs.python.org/3/library/functools.html#functools.partial)*** is used for partial function application which “freezes” some portion of a function’s arguments and/or keywords resulting in a new object with a simplified signature.

```python

>>> def add(a, b):
    print(f"got a={a}, b={b}")
    print(a+b)

>>> a = partial(add, 10)
>>> a(4)
"got a=10, b=4"
14

# 10 got assigned to a because partial start assigning arguments from the left.

>>> a = partial(add, b=10)
>>> a(4)
"got a=4, b=10"
14

# But By using the keywords we can assign the value to the arguments at right

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

[defining-a-function]: https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/controlflow.html#defining-functions
[functools-module]:  https://docs.python.org/3/library/functools.html
```
